leaf of cactuses grown in California
when I first thought of the idea that
somebody might want to eat cactus I
thought it was kind of a funny thing I
don't know who could eat a cactus it's
got these little spines on here that's
kind of a problem you know you think
well how do you get off these spines
sometimes they make you pick these
things out one by one well I've come up
with a new idea it reminds me of my
mother when she would singe a chicken at
home so we're just gonna put this right
here on the fire you can see those
little those little spines just burn
right off okay
don't see this will start splattering
around pretty soon fresh rosemary which
I think goes nicely with the cactus and
some scallions take the cactus it's the
kind of thing when you're when you're a
child you know when you hate to eat
vegetables because they're kind of I
don't know kind of mushy in your mouth
that's kind of what cactus is like some
people say it's like Oprah though so I
okra is about the closest thing it has
that kind of gel like flying or whatever
in the middle our food has to look
gorgeous
you know tasting good is one thing but
you have to make it look beautiful all
the food it's all very colorful has a
nice appeal and we serve it with our
romesco sauce this is a sauce that's
made with red peppers that are roasted
and almonds and garlic and some of that
chili pequin that I was mentioning
before it's really kind of mildly spiced
though has a very nice flavor though
that is Southwest right there